Use this repl to create and submit your final project.

You may create as many files and folders as needed to keep your project/work organized.

However, AT A MINIMUM, you MUST:

1) Move any files that are NOT part of your project into the "Unused" folder.

2) Populate the README.txt file with a short, user-centric description of your project (i.e. "30-second elevator speech") PLUS essential user instructions.

3) Populate the userXP.txt file with a demonstration of what the user experience should be. This does NOT have to match what your project finally does: It is a DESIGN document intended to convey what you will ATTEMPT to create.

4) Add a progammer-centric description of your project below. This description conveys a) what your project does/is AS A WHOLE and b) anything you consider critical or remarkable that you want a fellow programmer (e.g. Mr. Cacnio) to appreciate. (Explaining specific code segments should be done using comments in the .py files.) For example: Explaining any files the program uses; How/why classes interact; Your inspiration for the project; A particularly clever algorithm; etc.
It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you IMMEDIATELY and CONTINUOUSLY update About.txt. Treat it as a running diary/journal of your thoughts/ideas. Just before the Due Date, you can then edit About.txt to its final draft.


So far by May 12th I have created a graphics window, a snake piece class and a runing loop 
The snake piece class is a class that defines a snake piece, which I'm adding to a list of snake_pieces in main.py to comprise the snake. 

A snake Piece has x and y coordinates,x and ymove directions, a list of available moves that have moves added to it by the snake piece in front of it, a color which I may change if I end up creating different skins that the player can choose from, and finally a preset move speed 

Right now I'm working on moving each snake_piece at the coordinates of the move that the user inputs.

Since every time I check if the coordinates of the moves are == to the coordinates of the snake piece, it never works. So I might use int() on the coordinates of the moves and the snake coordinates (when I check them against the move coorinates) to round them to see if it might work then

Let's Go, converting them to int at the coordinate check worked! The second snake piece now moves after the snake head (the first snake piece)

To figure out why I needed to convert to int I printed the x and y coors of the snake and the x and y of the move, to see if they ever got close. I realized that the move coors were so exact like 284.9999999999916 so I converted to int to round them

Rubric Adherance for Easy Grading: 
* Line numbers as of May 17, the line numbers might be different by a couple of lines 

Loops: 
- While loop = running (Defined Line 23 and Used line 65)
- In main.py, there are for loops on lines 163 and 73
- In snake_piece.py, there is a for loop on 91 

Conditional Structures: 
- There are a ton of if statements but some specific ones are lines 80 and 106 in main.py

Necessary Variables: 
- Example of numeric variable values is the RGB color value variables on lines 34-37
